README.md, before:

# UI

A monorepo containing Open Targets UI apps and common components. **Not currently in production.**

The aim of using the monorepo is to more easily keep common components up to date and in usage across the apps. The repo also uses TypeScript.

Contents:

- Common components (see `packages/ui`)
- Open Targets Platform (see `packages/platform-app`)
- Open Targets Genetics (see `packages/genetics-app`)

## Usage

### Development

To start development, run:

```
lerna bootstrap && lerna link
```

Open three other terminals and run:

```
# shared ui components
cd packages/ui
yarn start
```

```
# platform (starts on 3001)
cd packages/platform-app
yarn start
```

```
# genetics (starts on 3002)
cd packages/genetics-app
yarn start
```

### Production

Not currently used in production, but the build steps in the root `package.json` create the distributions needed for Netlify or Docker packaging. Setting up one Netlify project for Open Targets Platform and Open Targets Genetics using the respective output directories has been tested and works fine.

## Environment

The apps depend on GraphQL APIs (`platform-api` and `genetics-api` repos). These can be run locally or the latest live version can be used. See `packages/*-app/.env.development` for development defaults.

## Copyright

Copyright 2014-2019 Biogen, Celgene Corporation, EMBL - European Bioinformatics Institute, GlaxoSmithKline, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company and Wellcome Sanger Institute

This software was developed as part of the Open Targets project. For more information please see: http://www.opentargets.org

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add note about monorepo import abuse

README.md, after:

# UI

A monorepo containing Open Targets UI apps and common components. **Not currently in production.**

The aim of using the monorepo is to more easily keep common components up to date and in usage across the apps. The repo also uses TypeScript.

Contents:

- Common components (see `packages/ui`)
- Open Targets Platform (see `packages/platform-app`)
- Open Targets Genetics (see `packages/genetics-app`)

## Usage

**Important:** This is a monorepo containing several subprojects, managed by [lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna). **Do not use relative code imports between subprojects** (ie. `ui` and `*-app`). The correct way to import the `Section` component from `ui` within `platform-app`, for example, would be as follows.

```
import { Section } from "ui";
```

### Development

To start development, run:

```
lerna bootstrap && lerna link
```

Open three other terminals and run:

```
# shared ui components
cd packages/ui
yarn start
```

```
# platform (starts on 3001)
cd packages/platform-app
yarn start
```

```
# genetics (starts on 3002)
cd packages/genetics-app
yarn start
```

### Production

Not currently used in production, but the build steps in the root `package.json` create the distributions needed for Netlify or Docker packaging. Setting up one Netlify project for Open Targets Platform and Open Targets Genetics using the respective output directories has been tested and works fine.

## Environment

The apps depend on GraphQL APIs (`platform-api` and `genetics-api` repos). These can be run locally or the latest live version can be used. See `packages/*-app/.env.development` for development defaults.

## Copyright

Copyright 2014-2019 Biogen, Celgene Corporation, EMBL - European Bioinformatics Institute, GlaxoSmithKline, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company and Wellcome Sanger Institute

This software was developed as part of the Open Targets project. For more information please see: http://www.opentargets.org

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
